tomerm1
314998808

1. Question 1:
For the "whatever" player, I implemented a strategy where it randomly selects a row and column
and attempts to place its mark.
If the chosen cell is already occupied, the player repeats the random selection process
until it successfully places its mark.

For the "clever" player, the strategy involves filling the first available cell,
starting from the top-left corner and moving row by row. If the current cell is occupied,
the player skips to the next cell in the same row. If the row is full,
the player continues the pattern in the row below, from left to right.

For the "genius" player, the strategy is to fill the first available cell,
starting from the second column on the left, moving column by column, from top to bottom.
If the current cell is occupied, the player skips to the next cell in the same column.
If the column is full, the player continues the pattern in the column to the right,
from top to bottom.


In this way, genius will often outperform clever because genius blocks
clever's sequence in the first row, while clever does not interfere with genius's streak.
Additionally, both genius and clever have a higher chance of winning against whatever
since the two former strategies aim to achieve a sequence quickly, even if not particularly
strategically, while "whatever" makes arbitrary choices.


2. Question 2
The advantages of designing the software in a way that each of the player classes uses a common
interface are that other classes can use implementations of the interface without being
dependent on the internal implementation of the class that implements the interface,
as long as it contains implementations for the methods guaranteed by the interface.

This helps in several ways:

a.  Simple and safe code extension - It is possible to add and use classes that implement the
    interface without making adjustments in the using classes. Thus, among other benefits,
    it adheres to the open-closed principle.

b.  Programming to the interface and not to the implementation - Classes using the interface
    distance themselves from the implementation details of the objects they use since they
    operate on objects based on a generic contract rather than delving into specific
    implementations. This simplifies the use of objects for the using classes,
    ensures a simpler extension of the classes, and emphasizes encapsulation.


Pillars –

a.  Abstraction - Using the Player interface allows classes that use players to not delve into the
    specific implementation details of each player type but rather to use the common interface of
    the player and the methods it offers. Therefore, for classes using the interface,
    the implementation details ("how") of different player classes do not matter,
    only what a class implementing the interface is capable of doing ("what"),
    and that is precisely the definition of simplification.

b.  Polymorphism - Using the Player interface allows for the simple and safe addition of different
    shapes of players, as long as they implement the methods in the interface.
    In this way, the classes of the Tournament and the Game could use a large number of
    player types without knowing about it, as they simply used the player's interface.
    This way, by using the single interface, we achieved different behaviors.

c.  Encapsulation - Using the interface allows the hiding of the implementation details
    of the classes that implement the player interface and using different forms
    of players without making adjustments to the using classes.
